UNREGISTERED HYPERDOG 2

hello youtube

this is a more recent, 09/13/2025, version of LithicRivers...

# v0.8.3.0 - this version adds dialogue. theres a lot thats been added that i havent covered in a video:

- combat
- crafting
- body parts and damage
- combat (chrono trigger inspired)
- dialogue (Summon Night Swordcraft Story inspired)
  - emotion portraits just like SNSS^ (no art yet, sadly)
- ...probably more stuff. let's check it out!

so, I revamped the keybinds.

QWE  789
ASD  456
ZXC  123

plus,

V and ` (backtick, near ESC)

This way, both hands are supposed to be equidistant and I want to minimize
wrist movement.


QWEASDZXC controls either BREAK/PLACE mode, or various actions.

of course, numpad controls movement.

Let's show you how to break and place blocks!

So...BACKTICK (`) will toggle BREAK/PLACE.
Note the top right for the mode indicator.

If you are in PLACE mode, a hotbar, like Factorio, will show up.

You double-tap the key (F1, function1, in this case - it can be rebound
to whatever you like) to open a block picker.

And if you're in place mode, you can use QWE ASD ZXC to place in nine 
directions around yourself.
Making complex building a bit easier.

Breaking is literally the same.

Let's move on to combat.
Sadly, the moves are...a bunch of random crap I made up.

The content in this game is pretty lacking, but the 
mechanics are all I've been focusing on.

I entered "LOOK" mode by tapping...uh..."V". There are 2 FeralDog enemies
that are south of us. Let's attack them and then loot their corpses.


Note that...inspired by CHrono Trigger....the game actively ticks during
combat!! I want battles to be stressful. I don't want this to be like 
Caves of Qud or uh...Final Fantasy where you can just wait during
combat.

The enemy will slowly damage you during this time.
Right now it just damages a random body part.

TODO...dequeue moves that were queued when you had enough energy
that you no longer have enough energy to queue.

And, TODO, make the portraits actually load the 12x8 art from
the sprite_loader.rs class,  and not random dog ascii art.

Oh, another TODO, you shouldn't be able to select "X"-ed out moves
that you lack energy to execute with the move cursor.

Yet another TODO, the "Victory!" screen should be a modal popup and 
is inconsistently displayed - perhaps we have a race condition.

So, upon death, enemies drop corpse entities that have
inventories that you can loot with "F".

And...Honestly...that's kind of it. LEt me see what else we have.

OH! Body parts and dialogue. w00t.

So...yeah. You have a body. It affects action costs and movement cost.

That's kind of it. This is the next thing I'm working on.

Now let's uh. See how dialogue works.

I'm sad I don't have good art yet for this game. So far all of it
was made by myself.

The music artist for this project rocks. I'll release updates soon when we have
more music.

SO! Portraits.

Yes. CYAN is the questTesty entity that I made, and ORANGE is the PLayer.

You can see that I've...lazily just embedded the emotion into the 
12x8 portrait.

When our artist finishes this, it'll be like Summon Night Swordcraft
Story, where every interaction is fun and full of emotion.

And, I selected a dialogue option that made QuestTesty sad!

So...That's all. I hope to have more updates for you all soon :)
